---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: MIS Major The Beiginning 
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-01
labels:
  - Management Information System
---
Since I was 5 years old, I had a fascination for technology. Time and time I would find myself wondering what allows me to play these fun video games on my handheld game boy. As I grew up my interest in games had me experience many different types of machines. My hobby for building computers came when I was in middle school, where my home computer; old e-machine broke down and prevented me from playing games and surfing the web. I did my research and constructed my own computer off of parts I bought online, it was a budget build, total came out to around $340. 

Since then, I knew I wanted to work in IT. Heading into college I attempted to pursue a degree in Information & Computer Science. I goto a job working as a IT support specialist at the UH Manoa IT center. There I assisted others, learned how to work together with different departments using technology, and ultimately made me realize I love working with people. 

So in my sophmore year of college, I decided to pursue at degree in MIS rather than ICS. My decision was based on how I really wanted to work in a business setting, working with people but still be doing IT type of work. Upon voicing my thoughts to my boss, he suggested to look at MIS since it ties closer to the work I am doing. Since then I have took classes towards getting into Shidler and aim to graduate by spring 2020 with a degree in Management Information System.
