---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: WOD 1-3 experience Blog
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-18
labels:
  - Management Information System
  - ITM 352
---
<p>Browser history 1 was creating an informative page that describe the history of internet and internet explorers. I was excited to do this WOD because it seemed simple enough. My first time doing it, I got a time of 16 minutes, which was passing but not the best. I watched the screen cast to see which part of my code could improve. I realized that I spent a lot of time figuring out why I could not load the pictures and it was because I did not put the pictures in the WOD folder and currently do not know how to tell my html to search my pc for the pictures. I did the wod a total of 4 times, my best time was around 10 minutes, I did the wods 2 other times to try compare typing everything out versus using tools to copy and paste. The difference in time is quite large, as I find typing out each line of code to give more opportunities for mistakes. The times I tried typing out each line of code took over 20 minutes. </p>

<p>Browser history 2 was simple, I understood how to perform every single task before beginning and the wod only took me 6minutes and 33 seconds. Watching the screencast, I realized I could had simply combined h1 and h2 tags since they share the same instructions, compared to what I did which was having 2 separate tags. However my way, if I ever need to add something to h1 and not h2, this would be possible. </p>

<p>Browser history 3, I had the most problems with. I spend a lot of trouble trying to make the sections line upside by side. The formatting was very off and ultimately, I couldn’t figure it out to fix it. I spent over 20 minutes attempting my first try on WOD3 and decided to stop and check out the screen cast. There I realized my mistake was going down the rabbit hole of playing with margins, px, and line breaks. I completely forgot padding was a thing and ended up playing around with css styles for 20 minutes. When I went back to do the Wod3, I also labeled my classes better. In my first attempt, I thought I could be quick and got overconfident naming the classes with L, R, and M. Of course, this caused confusion for me when coding in the CSS. Style placing my browsers in the wrong area messing up my px and margins, etc. In the end I reached RX time in my 2nd attempt, after the screen cast. I made mistakes of naming convention and focusing too hard on a single “solution”. </p>

